Remove footnotes from the language reference guide (#847)
Dyalog/documentation: language-reference-guide/docs/primitive-operators/i-beam/specify-workspace-available.md

> This function is identical to the system function `⎕WA` except that it provides the means to specify the amount of memory that is *committed* for the workspace rather than have it assigned by the internal algorithm. Committed memory is memory that is allocated to a specific process and thereby reduces the amount of memory available for other applications. See also [Workspace Management](../../../../windows-installation-and-configuration-guide/workspace-management). The memory committed for the workspace includes the virtual memory required for memory mapped to disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function is identical to the system function `⎕WA` except that it provides the means to specify the amount of memory that is *committed* for the workspace rather than have it assigned by the internal algorithm ("memory" in this context refers to virtual memory, which includes memory mapped to disk). Committed memory is memory that is allocated to a specific process and thereby reduces the amount of memory available for other applications. See also [Workspace Management](../../../../windows-installation-and-configuration-guide/workspace-management).
```

Author: I'm not sure about this one. It seems like "memory" is being defined twice
